Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Previously on Love Island...
five girls hit the Villa.
Wanna meet some boys?
ALL: Yeah!
Then five boys joined the party.
They coupled up...
but then came a twist.
In 24 hours, Adam will be coupled up
with one of your girls,
leaving one of you single and
vulnerable.
Tonight...
..there's trouble in paradise.
I don't wanna be a bad person.
I'm not a bad person.
I just felt...
uncomfortable.
It just proves to me that I
always... Do you know what I mean?
Interesting.
I know what I want
and I get what I want.
Single boy Adam is preparing to steal
the girl of his choice.
At the moment, the couples are...
Hayley and Eyal,
Samira and Alex,
Dani and Jack,
Laura and Wes
and Kendall and Niall.
But like the buttons on Adam's shirt,
something's gotta give.
The decision
that I have sort of made
is based on the chats I have had.
I have tried to get to know
all of you one by one.
The girl that I have decided to
couple up with,
I think that the conversations
we've had, she's a good person,
and she definitely ticks a lot of
boxes for me.
So, the girl I want to couple up
with is...
..Kendall.
(TEXT ALERT)
# I'm in trouble, I'm in trouble #
Muggled?
Yeah, Harry Potter.
I get it.
Oh, my God.
It's tough.  It is what it is, it's
what we're here to do.
(TEXT ALERT)
Already?!
You all right?  Yeah, just shocked.
Like...
I wasn't expecting that.
You spoke to everybody before you
spoke to me.
I saw it coming.
That's why I was prang.
Everybody thought I was mad being
prang.
There is madness to my prang.
Chill your boots. You're fine. Babe.
You're single and you're ready to
mingle.
I told everyone, a lad like that
with 15 abs, you don't trust him.
And guess what? Who was right? Me.
Everyone looking at me like I was
stupid. Deep down, obviously, like,
I thought what me and Kendall had
was actually really good.
My head is all over the gaffe
really.
Yeah, no, honestly, it's sound.
You sure?  I ain't that kind of guy
that would be like...
We ain't known each other long.
I wasn't expecting it.
Honestly, it's sound.
That's the furthest thing away from
what I thought he was gonna do.
Honestly, it's sound.
Enjoy the date.
Enjoy it, honestly.  It's really
weird.  Honestly.
I was just so shocked that Adam
picked me.
Like, no-one was expecting that.
None of the girls were expecting
that, I wasn't expecting that.
Like, why me?
I got muggled off! Didn't even get
mugged off, muggled!
It was a muggling, unfortunately.
It doesn't need to be
that big a deal.
Obviously, it does feel like it,
but just go and have a nice night
with him.
Yeah. Are you OK?  I'm absolutely
fine, babe.
I think, maybe, fair to say,
I could be a little bit gutted
Adam didn't choose me.
And I felt really sorry
for Kendall and Niall.
The thing for me, the muggled off.
Well, Voldemort is always drawn to
Harry Potter, so we might...
You just don't know where it goes.
All right, boys. Big dog.
Big dog stealing birds, is he?!
Shock!
No, honestly, it's cool. It's cool.
It's fine.
I'm just pranging at the moment,
prang. Obviously...
I was honest with you. You know?
I said to you straight away...
I'm not a guy that's aggy.
It's a game. You don't really want
to have to play a game,
but you have got to do what you got
to do, especially in the Villa.
It's Love Island. I know what
I want and I get what I want.
I wanted her, I wanted Kendall.
Mate, I was honest with you.
I can't not step on your toes.
No, yeah. If you like her,
that's fine.
You've got abs, yellow shorts.
I've got chat.
I've got chat, and if you want
the chat, you can go, innit.
That's it. Bad boy.
Bad boy.
Goliath and David. Yellow shorts!
A relieved Jack has a big smile
on his face.
If you run and look at your window
right now,
you'll be able to see it.
I was worried, going, oh, my God,
he's talking to her.
All that can happen from now is she
can mirror what you're doing.
Then your bond will get stronger
and stronger and stronger.
I reckon she thought that he was
gonna pick her as well.
She must have thought it.
As soon as Adam said Kendall,
I swear to God, the relief  that came
over me.
I just felt so happy.
I felt so happy.
I just thought to myself, right,
listen,
now, I can crack on and proper get
to know her.
Niall's mum told us he eats a lot
when he stressed.
He says he's fine, but I gave him
some pistachios just in case.
How are you feeling?  I'm fine,
honestly.
Obviously, he has a decision to make
and he has to choose a girl.
But you know when you didn't think
he'd do it.
She is happy with you.
I was like, that's mad.
He said to me, I'm going to make
a fair decision.
And I was like, that's... I don't
know if that's fair.
No, it's sound. Honestly.
You're gonna have a bit of ting with
him now? Like that much beef.
There's no beef.  No, but she does
like you.
It's such a shame.
Are you OK?  Yeah, yeah of course.
I'm fine. Are you all right?
Have the best time.
Have a good time.
See you later.
Enjoy it, mate.  I can't wait to
hear...
Have a good time.  Bye!
We're jealous, we're jealous.
I wish I was going.
(LAUGHTER)
Have a drink on me!
We've got a team working on the dates
this year.
We told them we wanted this date to
scream Kendall.
I think they might have misheard.
(CLEARS THROAT)
(GASPS) Got all the candles.
Yeah, I know. Bloody hell.
I get nervous about lighting one
candle in the bath! (GIGGLES)
Oh, thank you.
Oh, look at that.
Aw.  It's all right for a first
date, isn't it?
I've never been on a first date like
this.
Do you want to hit the wine?  Go on,
then.
I'll do the honours.
OK. Thank you.
I'm gonna try really, really hard
not to spill this, cos you know what
I'm like.
Cheers.  I know.
To our first date.
First date. One of many.
Fingers crossed.  Oh, one of many.
OK.
(GIGGLES)
I'm sure you go on plenty of dates.
How's that?  Eh?  How's that?
Where did you get that from?
You just seem quite at ease and just
like this is normal.
Do you think? Definitely not.
Do you not think?  No, I'm not that
chilled.
Not with this. I think, if you
actually like someone,
you can't be 100%, like, calm all
the way through.
That's how you know, isn't it?
Yeah, that's true.
I still can't believe you picked me.
In the back of my head, I always
knew that you were one of the people
that I first found attractive.
Like, you were the person that I
thought was my type.  I still can't
believe that.
I want to get to know you a little
bit better. That's why I picked you.
Like I said, I can see us moving
forward,
whereas, there were definitely
easier options,
but I wouldn't want to pick
something that wasn't going to go
any further.  Yeah.
That's good.
Still to come, things turn sour for
Kendall.
I'm just
not used to this.
Niall's mum has told us
that when he is upset,
he has a tendency to overuse the word
'like'.
Niall's mum, don't worry,
I am sure he is absolutely fine.
I'll be honest with you, yeah.
It was a shock that he picked her.
I was trying to give it the front
that I didn't care to save face.
Like, I didn't say anything to her
before she went.
Like, I didn't say, like...
Just a little bit sensitive.
Like, 'I'll be waiting' or nothing.
Just little things that we had in
common.
He has been here the same amount of
time as you.
Who has made the best connection
with her?  Me and her.
I do regret not pulling Kendall to
the side and saying,
'I will still be here
when you get back.'
But instead, being me, I ended up
trying to give it
the fucking, 'I don't care.'
I do actually like her and want
to get to know her more.
He is Malfoy with a plus ten ab.
I'm Harry Potter
with a bit of a tan.
You've got a wand.  Yeah, I've got
a wand.  Go on then, do a Patronum.
Patronum, I hope your fucking date
goes shit.
(LAUGHS)
What colour are your eyes? They're,
like, really blue.  Like, a really,
really nice blue.
Oh, a nice blue? Oh, thanks.
Yeah, a really, really nice blue.
Thank you.  Lovely.
What colour are yours?  I can't
decide. No, I can't decide.
They're like a...
a really light brown.
But then, a dark green.
Mucky pondwater colour.  Mucky pond?
Is that your chat-up line? (LAUGHS)
Do you think Niall will kick up
a fuss in the villa?
If someone had come in and taken you
off me,
I would feel a little bit shit about
myself.
You know what, it's really hard.
It's bittersweet.
Because, like, I'm not being
funny...
You are, like, really attractive.
At the same time, I did actually get
on with Niall. And you knew that.
Me and Niall clicked from, like,
day one.
# JAMES BAY: Wild Love
I'm just a bit scared that you might
go back there when we re-couple.
Are you really?  Yeah.  I'm glad that
you, like, took a risk, though.
(LAUGHS)
How do you feel about sharing a bed
tonight?
I don't mind. Do you think you're
going to be a big spoon?
I won't be any spoon. I'm not being
big, medium, large... Nothing.
Why? What is wrong with that?
Not on the first night that we have
got to get in bed together.
What, a spoon?
Spooning is a big commitment.
(LAUGHS)
How about if I gave you a kiss now
and then we don't have to spoon
when we get back?
Now he has got Dani all to himself,
Jack is the happiest he has been
since he got an absolute bargain
on a crate full of felt tip pens from
North Korea.
I just felt a little bit, like,
it would be a bit shit, if we...
If I wasn't with you.  It would be a
right shame. I'd have been gutted.
(LAUGHS)  Imagine how depressing
that would be, going back to the bed
on my own.
I am genuinely happy. Today has been
intense, I think.
Even with me and you. I don't want
you to think...
I thought you were a bit weird.
Did you think that?  Yeah, I thought
you were weird and upset. Like...
I wasn't.
A bit worried about things.
I don't want you to be like that
with me.
We can have a good time together.
That is what I want.
I said I wanted to find someone
to  have a good time with.
I have not said I want to come here
banging birds...
I want to have a laugh with you.
I am not gutted at all at the minute
that Adam didn't choose me.
I am happy at the minute with Jack.
We're really getting on. I am
enjoying his company.
I would rather have that
at the minute
than jumping to something else.
To me, to open up and get to know
someone, it takes me a little time.
It's nice to have that at the minute
with Jack.
Dani and Jack are not the only ones
enjoying a chat.
Hayley and Eyal or, as I now call
them...Hey Y'all.
What a day.  Literally, what a day.
It has been a long day.
Do you know what's so weird?
You see what can happen in a day.
Yeah.  Every time we recouple,
things are going to change.
That's scary.
I know, it's pretty mad. It could
have all changed.
But it didn't.  What do you mean?
It could have all changed.
You could be on a date
and I could be Niall.
Adam seems like a really nice lad.
I agree.
Yeah, I just didn't want to get
too close to him.  Why?
I dunno. I just assumed that
he would want to go with you.
I haven't spoken to him.
No, but, this is still a game.
Is it a game?
I thought you didn't have
a game plan.
So why are you saying it's a game?
Because this whole thing is made to
be a game.
It's not a game. It's only a game
if you want to be a game.  OK. Fairs.
Yeah? So, you're playing a game?
No, what game am I playing?
You just said it's a game.
Why would you have to reassure
someone what a game plan is,
if you haven't got a game plan?
It fucking baffles me.
This is a game.
But I am going with what I feel,
at that time. 100%.
At that time? So it could change
tomorrow?
Like it could with you.
We don't know.
Interesting.
She slightly misinterpreted what
I said or maybe I worded it wrong.
I dunno. Something didn't quite go
to plan.
I don't know how you have spun
this  around on me.
I haven't worked you out.
That's good then, isn't it?
It's 'a game'.
No, that's not fair.
I was fucking pissed off,
to tell you the truth.
Do you know I mean? I was just like,
'I don't even fucking want to speak
to you.'
Like, fuck off, literally.
Kendall and Adam are back
from their date.
You enjoy the fallout,
while I go out and blow out
these bloody Ken dolls... Candles!
The date went really well, actually.
I felt really comfortable with him.
Obviously, like, I am attracted
to him. He is very easy on the eye.
All right?  Hi!
Let's get the gossip!
It was really nice.
Did you eat?  Yeah.
Guess what we ate!
Aioli. Swear to God.
It was really nice. It was nicer
than I expected.
Do you feel, like, you like him
a bit more now?
Like, how do you think you feel,
since before you went on the date
to after the date?
Yeah, I would.
How do you feel?  It was really
nice. It was.
It was dead comfortable. He was
a real, like, gentleman.
How do you feel
now you've come back?
I am quite happy.
I'm still a bit in denial.
It's too good to be true.
There is Niall and Adam
in front of you.
Right, OK.  If you had the choice,
who would you go for?
So, Niall. The chat with Niall.
We get on, like...
You wouldn't believe.
He is...so energetic.
We just clicked.
Then, I feel like Adam, maybe...
Sort of, too good to be true.
Literally, you've got Niall,
who is an absolute dream.
He is so funny.
And then you have got Adam, who has
made me feel so comfortable.
I'm not used to this. I feel like
I'm so out of my depth.
So, what are you saying?
What was it like?
The date was sound.
It was good. Really good.
Sick chat?  Yeah, decent, mate.
We had a lot of chat and, I think,
things will move on from this.
Obviously, sharing a bed tonight
with Kendall is going to be
a little bit better than sleeping by
myself, I'm not going to lie.
Nice to have someone that looks as
good as her by my side.
Do I feel for Niall? Yeah.
Would anyone want to lose Kendall
staying in your bed every night?
Definitely not. So, I mean, she's
going to be a miss for the boy.
But it is what it is.
How is everyone?
Hey, you all right?
How was your date?
Yeah, it was nice.
Heard you had aioli...  We had
al-ali... However you say it.
I don't even know what it is.
Yeah.
See you laters.
OK, see you later...
How you feeling?  Me?  Yeah.
I was just kind of, like,
make a big joke out of it.
Like, 'I don't care.'
Trying to be like that.
Obviously, I'll be honest, I did.
Oh, don't say stuff like that.  No...
That hurts.
I think that I just need to, like,
stop acting, like,
Billy Big-Bollocks, like I don't
care, with Kendall.
Lay it on the line
how I actually do feel.
I actually do think
she's a really good girl.
I genuinely think, for the short
time I've been here, we do seem
to really click.
I am not blind. He looks like
a fucking Greek God.
You look like a Greek God. Shut up.
No, he looks like fucking Zeus...
shagged Angelina Jolie.
He looks like their love child.
He likes aioli.  It's hard to compare
you.
You are just two completely
different people.
I still want to get to know you.
Yeah.
I don't how you feel...
(SIGHS)  About everything.
Honestly, yeah. My head...
It's literally all over the place.
I don't know.
It's chalk and cheese.  Isn't it?
You are two completely different
people.
I think, if I could merge you
together... But no.
You have got to see how you feel...
See how things go.
What she said has made me question
everything.
When someone is saying to me,
'I would like to mesh you.'
I just think that is such a muggy
thing to say.
Sounds bad, but I think she wishes
my personality was in him.
Which is a bit of fucking muggle
statement.
I ain't a bad-looking lad. He is
just too fucking good-looking.
It's a bit weird.
He doesn't even look real.
It's only because this is the second
guy you have dated.
That is literally it. I promise.
I wasn't expecting Adam to pick me.
And then, I wasn't expecting
to go on a date with him.
That was out of the blue.
And then, I wasn't expecting
to have a nice date.
LAURA: He has chosen you. He has
chosen you. We are all besties.
Don't get upset.
What is wrong with me?  It's because
it is so fresh, I'm telling you.
You are a loyal girl. You feel
awkward and we get it.  OK.
He is such a lovely person.
It makes it so much harder.
I'm thinking...
too much about
how I'm making him feel.
I'm just not used to this.
# SYML: Where's My Love?
You're doing the look.
I know you're doing the look.
What look?  The look.
What does that mean?
For what?  The trying to get
hold of me look.
The islanders
get tongue-tied.
It is the morning
after Adam's date,
where he was seduced by the
irresistible charms of aioli.
With Kendall in Adam's bed, her
relationship with Niall is on pause.
Talking of pause...
Wes' paws are all over Laura.
I am all right in the night.
If Jack smiles, I can see!
In the kitchen, Alex is looking for
the skinny on Adam and Kendall.
Adam is looking for the jar of aioli
he had in the fridge.
Are you buzzing?
It was nice to speak to her
and be in bed with her.
One-on-one.
Kendall is super nice.
I like how down-to-earth she is.
That is definitely the main thing.
She's not what I expected.
I didn't think
when she looks that good,
that she could be so down to earth.
I think she's feeling tense
after last night.
I think it will be fine by tonight.
For her, she feels bad for Niall.
That will quickly...
He is fine. We will see what
happens. It is still early days.
Kendall's perfect man is
a combination of Adam's face,
Adam's abs, Adam's chest,
Niall's personality...
And Niall's annoyed.
She said combine us and it'll be
perfect...
Hang on. Give me a second.
If I say to a girl I would like
to put your personality in
another girl, it would be out of
order.
It is so muggy. I said from day dot,
I am an investment piece.
You should always be you and that
should be enough.  Exactly.
In here, it makes your head fucked.
Samira has had some time to really
get to know Alex.
How does she feel about him now?
I don't know. It's so awkward.
I don't want to.
With Alex, I just feel so awkward.
We just don't have any connection.
I don't know what Alex is thinking
about me.
He probably thinks I am a bitch.
Poor Alex, Samira hasn't given him
anything.
A smile cost nothing,
unless you are Jack.
Then it is £7,000 a tooth.
I am frustrated.
It is awkward and difficult.
She's not letting the barriers down.
To see if I've got something she
could connect with.
If she is not going to give you
a chance, it is pointless.
I have made a lot of effort
to chat to her. At least,
make some kind of civil
conversation.
She's not really interested
in making any effort.
I am just going to move on and stop
making any effort in that way.
Still be friendly and civil.
Niall...
Kendall is going for a heart-to-heart
with Niall.
She would prefer Adam's heart,
but she will make do.
I'm all right. Are you?  Yeah,
I'm good.  How are you feeling?
Obviously, yeah, it isn't the best.
Obviously. Not the best day for me.
I thought... We clicked.
For me, when you were like,
if I could combine you two...
The way I took it was if you could
put my personality in him.
Oh my God, no. Not like that at all.
I meant because he was so serious
conversation-wise.
Got the fucking aioli out
and so serious, sounds a hoot.
I wanted to get to know you deeper.
I said to you, I opened up to you.
I have got layers. A massive coating
of my layer is that I back myself
and I know my worth.
I am not someone who...
If I didn't have that, the whole
thing could get absolutely fucked.
I'm really sorry.  No, don't.
I would never mean to make you feel
like that.  No, no.
I'm not a malicious person.
Don't cry.
Don't get upset. I feel bad now.
It's fine, don't worry about it.
Sound.
Just a little bit confused.
I do want to have a conversation
with Niall. I do enjoy his company.
I feel like Adam is really
considerate.
He's very mature for his age.
I'm all right. I'll be fine.
In a couple of days, it will be fine.
It is the same for me, as well.
Yeah.  I'm not a bad person.
I feel like a bad person.
After last night when everything was
in uproar,
I'm trying to give her a bit of space
and have a couple of chats
when I can,
when I can get get her by herself.
Everyone forgets stuff
dead quick in here.
Once the other islanders start
not looking at me
and her as much, it will help,
so we can move forward.
After an emotional first day,
the islanders need a moment to sit
back and relax.
Luckily, their contract says we don't
need to give them one.
(TEXT ALERT)
I got a text!
Ooh!  Interesting!  I'm like, what
have I done?  Shit, man.
The girls and boys are going
head-to-head
in a game called Excess Baggage.
The girls are up first.
One at a time, suitcases will come
down onto a baggage carousel.
Oh my God. It is real money.
Inside each case is a saucy secret
about one of the boys.
This boy once spent £1,000
on a first date.  (ALL GASP)
The girls have to guess
who it is about.
Do it.
The chosen girl must then snog
that boy.
And, BAFTA, you can't have it back.
Wes!
I saw her eyes light up when it was
revealed it was my name.
What the hell? Maracas?
This boy once used a musical
instrument as a sex toy.
What the fuck?  Who is dirty?
I am not jealous. I just felt...
Uncomfortable.  Niall!
Of course.  A recorder!
As soon as we found out it was him,
we were like, of course.
Poor girl.
This boy has had his threesome
with his friend and a girl.
(ALL SCREAM) It was brutal.
Alex.
I couldn't see it. Where did this
happen? The hospital?
The other islanders see me as Alex
the doctor.  That is well unexpected!
Maybe that has made them realise
there is another side to me.
I am a normal guy
like everyone else.
This boy says he has cheated on all
of his previous girlfriend.
I mean...  It was pretty savage.
Jack!
On all their girlfriends!
I've only had two.
Everyone was like, ooh, as if I have
had 30 girlfriends and a wife.
I was a bit disappointed.
His  reaction was a bit shit.
It was only two? I would be mad
if it was one!
Will the boys be able to beat zero?
This girl has only ever slept with
one person.
You all look very innocent.
It looks like it will be staying that
way for the foreseeable future.
She just kind of panicked.  I find it
a bit awkward with Alex.
It might be because he has got
a professional job.
Hayley.
Poor old Alex. He did get it right.
So, the boys have basically won, so
they can snog whoever they want.
This girl had a threesome that only
lasted three minutes.
Samira. Come on.
This girl is a member of
the mile-high club.
It was obvious that it was Laura,
but I wanted to kiss Dani.
To make up for the fact that she
found out I've cheated.
Laura.  I was a passenger
with my boyfriend.
This girl claims to have dated
a well-known Hollywood movie star.
Shut up.
(ALL SCREAM)
It is Samira.  Who was it?
Chris Pine.
Oh, my God.
You've been shagging Spock!
This girl can't remember the names
of all the people she has slept
with.
That challenge was tongue-alicious.
I wasn't surprised. I would do
the same. He is definitely going
to keep trying.
Kendall!
It was someone on holiday.
Three points to the boys, which
means they have won.
Still to come...Alex is on the edge.
I have had enough.
I'm at that point.
The Excess Baggage challenge is over
and the biggest revelation
was that Niall has finally found
a use for a recorder.
Alex is worried that three won't be
a magic number.
What do you think
the girls will say?
They will be like, dark horse.
I think it shows an edgier side
to you.
I think it is good. I like that.
What is the crack with the coupling?
I'm like, who do I feel more
comfortable with?
It was the fact that I thought
Hayley would be comfortable
to have a kiss.
Turns out it was awkward.
(LAUGHS)
I forgot about that.
Laura has discovered something about
Wes she finds attractive.
His wallet.
Wes, £1000 on a date.  He is the
package.
When he kissed anyone else,
I couldn't look.
I was like, what is wrong with me?
Really?
You went back to kiss him again.
I was joking.
Were you kind of joking? (LAUGHS)
I'm scared of liking someone.
It was a good kiss to be fair.
She wanted a bit more.
She appreciated it. It was good.
In that challenge,
I just felt all flustered.
I don't go around kissing and
things.
I'm not attracted to him any more.
Eyal. I need to say it.
It is very confusing. I'm putting a
lot of pressure on myself,
thinking I'm boxed off for life
with my first couple up.
Just very confused.
Jack. It is a sore subject. It makes
me want to cry.  What is it?
I always step forward
for the same boys.
You know I mean? He's cheated on all
of his girlfriends.  Two.
It is the way he was, like,
it's only two.
I'm just being silly.
Let it all out.
I feel like I have stepped forward
for a boy I always go for.
I have really made a mistake.
It is only early days.
He could really blow your mind.
He could change it around.
I was disappointed. When I heard
that about Jack. It was only two.
I don't care if it was one!
You don't say it like that.
He should have said,
I made a mistake.
His reaction wasn't that great.
It couldn't have been only two.
'All of my girlfriends.'
It was a bit muggy.
Do you feel that Dani will quiz you?
It is only two birds.
I was only 17 the first time.
The next one,
she cheated on me first.
I have not met the right person. I
wouldn't cheat on the right person.
She will understand
if you tell her that.  I hope so.
Alex has had a tough first few days
in the villa.
I'm sick of it all. I've had about
enough. I feel like I am a leper.
What is wrong with me?  You are
a  doctor!  It is not all about that.
It is not the fact you are a doctor.
That shows how smart you are.
You are good-looking and you have
a great personality. You are deep.
I hate feeling like this.  I've had
enough. I'm at that point.
You haven't clicked with someone.
That is the only thing.
Someone in here hasn't been right
for you. Yeah.
I always think today is going to be
a good day
and then something happens.
You're a catch. Confidence.
Keep it up. Don't worry about that.
The boys are about to get a boost.
We are sending two new girls
to the villa.
I am Georgia. I'm 20.
I'm a student at drama school.
I don't know what flirting is and
what being friendly is.
It gets me into trouble.
I would like to meet someone who
could handle me.
I need someone to tame me.
All of the other girls will be older
than me.
That doesn't intimidate me.
There is only one Georgia.
Everybody says it and everybody
knows it.
I am Rosie, I'm 26 and I'm
a solicitor from South Wales.
I'm not your stereotypical lawyer.
A lot of my friends call me
Legally Brunette.
I don't take things too seriously.
I like to work hard
and then play a lot harder.
I'm like a bottle of champagne.
You can shake me and then one day
that top is going to come off.
I hope when I walk into the villa,
the boys think,
here comes a little Welsh wonder.
Download the Love Island app now.
It is time for you to take control.
Which two boys deserve to go
on a date with our new girls?
Will it be...
You have just 30 minutes
to make your decision.
Voting is free.
You can only vote once.
subtitles by Deluxe
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org